Abstract
1. 学号：58033
2. Oki -》OKI 
3. 

Chapter 1:done
Briefly describe the background of the research, research gaps, and research objectives in 1-2 sentences each. 
The research objectives are currently too detailed, including the software to be used. At the same time, the discussion is 
limited to the topic of quantifying openness and does not cover the entire paper comprehensively.
6:10


 For chapters 2 and later: Prioritize completing figures and tables over writing text. With figures and tables in place, 
the main text will be easier to write.

Additional note: You can refer to any figures or tables you have created in the past,
 such as those used in IDR symposium posters, as appropriate. In other words, you do not need to 
 create all figures and text from scratch for your master's thesis.

 Diagram in Chapter 1: In your research, instead of creating a diagram showing how you will proceed with your research, 
it would be better to create a diagram that organizes the multiple indicators of openness considered in this study, 
along with methods for quantifying them. ### liuyuan

 Chapter 2: Organize the sampling flow of properties from the study area (Tokyo's 23 wards) 
and Lifull Home's dataset, as well as the quantification methods for each openness indicator. 
At this point, two pages will be filled.



The figures illustrating the methods described in Chapter 2 is not yet complete. 
Please refer to the your IDR poster and seminar reports to create figures that clearly explain the data processing procedures to readers.


Chapter 3: Based on the results of the basic analysis, the content of the current Chapter 4 should be moved to Chapter 3.
The two graphs on the left side of the current page 3 should be resized so that the text is legible. 

The graph in the upper right corner can be omitted as it contains insufficient information. 
Spatial distribution is too coarse at the ward (区) level, so it should be refined to the town (町) 
level or postal code area level. Before doing so, as I mentioned earlier, confirm that the sample size for postal 
code areas is sufficient using a histogram. It is necessary to investigate why the value is higher in Arakawa Ward. 
No need to draw areas outside the 23 wards (western part of Tokyo).


Chapter 4: Comprehensive analysis using multiple openness indicators. 
For example, cluster analysis, impression evaluation values, and regression analysis with rent can be applied. 
In other words, the objectives of this chapter is to clarify the relationships between each indicator and the characteristics of 
properties with high openness (partial openness vs. total openness) 
to gain insights that can be useful in architectural design and planning.


Chapter 5 contains the conclusion. References to Future Work are not required in the 4-page abstract due to space limitations.
This is followed by acknowledgments (e.g., Lifull), notes, and references. The font size of these sections should be 
adjusted as necessary. Chapter numbers are not required in these sections.


Note: The subjective evaluation value you refer to as “Q3Score” is merely a reference from previous 
research (by Shimomura-san), so it should only be used in the analysis in Chapter 4.

同时发送至频道

 Based on the above comments, please update your 4-page abstract 
and report your progress during the individual seminar on Thursday, July 3, during the day.